[All Hosts] (manifest) account for unified manifest in UX/UI articles (#4757)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md

> In some situations, the `messageChild` API, which is a part of the [DialogApi 1.2 requirement set](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/dialog-api-requirement-sets), may not be supported. For example, `messageChild` isn't supported in volume-licensed perpetual Outlook 2016 and volume-licensed perpetual Outlook 2019. Some alternative ways for parent-to-dialog-box messaging are described in [Alternative ways of passing messages to a dialog box from its host page](parent-to-dialog.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The [DialogApi 1.2 requirement set](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/dialog-api-requirement-sets) can't be specified in the add-in manifest. You will have to check for support for DialogApi 1.2 at runtime using the `isSetSupported` method as described in [Runtime checks for method and requirement set support](../develop/specify-office-hosts-and-api-requirements.md#runtime-checks-for-method-and-requirement-set-support). Support for manifest requirements is under development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [DialogApi 1.2 requirement set](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/dialog-api-requirement-sets) can't be specified in the add-in manifest. You'll have to check for support for DialogApi 1.2 at runtime using the `isSetSupported` method as described in [Runtime checks for method and requirement set support](../develop/specify-office-hosts-and-api-requirements.md#runtime-checks-for-method-and-requirement-set-support). Support for manifest requirements is under development.
```

dialog.messageChild(messageToDialog, { targetOrigin: "*" });
```

> The add-in's manifest specifies trusted domains. In the unified manifest for Microsoft 365, this is specified in the "validDomains" property. In the add-only manifest, this is specified in the **\<AppDomains\>** element. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The add-in's manifest specifies trusted domains. In the unified manifest for Microsoft 365, this is specified in the "validDomains" property. In the add-in only manifest, this is specified in the **\<AppDomains\>** element. 
```

[!include[Unified manifest host application support note](../includes/unified-manifest-support-note.md)]

> But the runtime that is hosting the dialog can't access the manifest and thereby determine whether the domain *from which the message comes* is trusted, you must use the `DialogParentMessageReceived` handler to determine this. The object that is passed to the handler contains the domain that is currently hosted in the parent as its `origin` property. The following is an example of how to use the property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But the runtime that's hosting the dialog can't access the manifest and thereby determine whether the domain *from which the message comes* is trusted, you must use the `DialogParentMessageReceived` handler to determine this. The object that's passed to the handler contains the domain that's currently hosted in the parent as its `origin` property. The following is an example of how to use the property.
```
